Doctors Without Borders gives emergency medical aid to victims of war, disaster and epidemic.
Volunteers travel to the most remote and sometimes dangerous areas to offer help.
Jenna introduces us to one of these volunteers, Dr Ben One.
Dr. Juan is a pediatrician from New York City.
He just finished his residency.
That's a three year training program for doctors.
His schooling was complete, but where he'd start his career was still uncertain.
That's until he found out about Doctors Without Borders.
I had always wanted to do humanitarian work, and I was lucky enough that a few of the residents from a residency ahead of me worked with doctors out borders.
So they came back and actually distant presentations about it and got me interested.
I figure out this is what I wanted to do.
After other Doctors Without Borders has missions and over 80 countries throughout the world, Liberia is a country on the western coast of Africa.
They were at the end of a 14 year civil war.
There were thousands of homeless refugees living in shelters made of nothing but wood and plastic.
Many people were in great need of doctor wants medical attention, being pediatrician I was hoping my mission would be more towards kids.
When he told me I had to be the doctor for everybody, I was a little afraid.
But once I got there was fine because I would say 70% 80%.
My patients were kids.
This is a different world than what we're used to in the U. S.
Like the refugees, Doctor Juan lived with no running water or electricity.
But making the adjustment was not the biggest issue he faced.
It was a team of three myself, which is one doctor, one nurse and one administrator.
Three of us were sent out there for three camps of 60,000 people, so there was no time to think about adjusting.
Dr. Juan dealt mostly with the effects of malnutrition.
A lack of food will make you get sick easier.
The challenge then became treating people without the benefits of modern medicine.
Basic medical equipment like X ray machines were not available.
Doctors had to learn to use other methods to treat their patients.
Doctors don't get paid for their work with doctors without borders, But Dr Juan says you can't put a price on the satisfaction of what he accomplished.
As a matter of fact, he's planning to head out on another mission very soon.
It's like, This is what I was trained for you.
I didn't go to medical school, too.
Deal with insurance, Medicaid that I went to medical school to help people.
You just feel that a lot more when I'm over 13 Kids news.
I'm Jenna.
Want news you can use?
We've got it on two kids news. 